README.md, before:

# Dogey, a pythonic <a href='https://github.com/benawad/dogehouse'>dogehouse</a> API

## Reasons to use Dogey

* ### Easy adaptability owing to similar syntax to other famous APIs such as [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py)

* ### Always updated with the latest additions to dogehouse

* ### High performance since less packages are imported and expensive variables are rate-limited

## Screenshots

* ### The default help command of the [basic commands example](https://github.com/Shadofer/dogey/blob/pre-release/examples/basic_commands.py)
<img src="https://i.ibb.co/gVRvsQh/dogey-help-command.png" alt="dogey basic commands example help command">

## Installation

### Requirements

* #### Any modern OS such as Windows 10, macOS, Ubuntu (Only Linux/macOS is supported for contributing)

* #### python >= 3.8

* #### pip3

### Guide

* #### ```git clone https://github.com/Shadofer/dogey.git```

* #### ```cd dogey```

* #### ```pip install .```

* #### You can now ```import dogey``` in any of your programs.

## [Contributing](https://github.com/Shadofer/dogey/blob/pre-release/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Future plans

* #### Create a documentation file/site

* #### Upload to pypi

Commit message:

EOL for dogehouse. Possibly the last commit. Fix examples, add performance and limit fetching.

README.md, after:

# Dogey, a pythonic <a href='https://github.com/benawad/dogehouse'>dogehouse</a> API

## IMPORTANT

* ### As many of you already know, dogehouse is shutting down. If it stays up, I may reconsider continuing this API. Till then, I'll wait without commiting.

## Reasons to use Dogey

* ### Easy adaptability owing to similar syntax to other famous APIs such as [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py)

* ### Always updated with the latest additions to dogehouse

* ### High performance since less packages are imported and expensive variables are rate-limited

## Screenshots

* ### The default help command of the [basic commands example](https://github.com/Shadofer/dogey/blob/pre-release/examples/basic_commands.py)
<img src="https://i.ibb.co/gVRvsQh/dogey-help-command.png" alt="dogey basic commands example help command">

## Installation

### Requirements

* #### Any modern OS such as Windows 10, macOS, Ubuntu (Only Linux/macOS is supported for contributing)

* #### python >= 3.8

* #### pip3

### Guide

* #### ```git clone https://github.com/Shadofer/dogey.git```

* #### ```cd dogey```

* #### ```pip install .```

* #### You can now ```import dogey``` in any of your programs.

## [Contributing](https://github.com/Shadofer/dogey/blob/pre-release/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Future plans

* #### Create a documentation file/site

* #### Upload to pypi
